# Test group command-line options

**Note: To test a group you must use the `--test-group` option.  It is a flag and does not take any arguments.**

**Note: The test group features invoke the AWS IoT Device Tester for Greengrass. The Greengrass group and core must be
set up before running this tool.**

## Group name

Required: Always

Long form: `--group-name`

Short form: `-g`

Specifies the name of the group that you want to work with.

## Architecture

Required: Always

Long form: `--arch`

Short form: `-a`

Possible values:
- `ARM32`
- `X86_64`
- `ARM64`

## Device under test

Long form: `--device-under-test`
Short form: `--dut`

This value is the IP address of the Greengrass group core

## SSH username

Short form: `-u`

This value is the username that will be used when connecting to the device under test via SSH.

## Output directory

Long form: `--output`
Short form: `-o`

This value is the name of the directory where the results should be placed when the test suite is complete.

## Device tester archive location

Long form: `--device-tester-location`
Short form: `--dtl`

This value is the location of the device tester archive. If this option is not specified device tester will be downloaded
automatically into a temporary directory.

## Private key path

Long form: `--private-key-path`
Short form: `-k`

This value is the path to the private key used to connect to the device under test via SSH. If this option is not
specified device tester will attempt to use any keys it can find in the `$HOME/.ssh` directory.

## Clean configuration

Long form: `--clean`

This is a flag to indicate that the `/var/lib/GGQ` directory on the device under test must be cleaned before running the
test suite. This is only necessary if you are experiencing problems with a system whose group information has changed
since the last run.

## Generate config

Long form: `--generate-config`

This is a flag to indicate that the configuration in the `/var/lib/GGQ` directory will be generated by GGP. This is
necessary if the group is using the Hardware Security Integration (HSI) features to store its private key.
